README.md, before:

# BayMax Simulation
Simulation of Baymax from Disney Big Hero 6 using Python, Pyttsx3 voice engine, 
Google speech recognition and ChatGPT API.

## Development Status
`IN PROGRESS`

## Installations
First, we need to install `portaudio` from Homebrew. This package is required
for Python library `pyaudio`:

```bash
$ brew install portaudio
```

Then, we install packages in `requirements.txt`:
```bash
$ pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

**NOTE**: If errors related to `#include "portaudio.h"` occurred when running 
`pip install pyaudio`, like this:
```bash
#include "portaudio.h"

         ^
1 error generated.
error: command '/usr/bin/clang' failed with exit status 1
``` 
Then we need to run the command separately in the Terminal below:
```bash
$ CFLAGS="-I/opt/homebrew/include -L/opt/homebrew/lib" python3 -m pip install pyaudio
```

We need to install FLAC in order to recognize speech with the command below:
```bash
$ sudo port install flac
```
If you have not installed Macports, please download Macports from 
[this link](https://www.macports.org/install.php).

Then, we run:
```bash
$ python3 src/main.py
```

**NOTE**: If you face the `KeyError: 'VoiceAge'` problem, please go to the 
`nsss.py` in your folder (the full error message should display the full path),
and remove the `attr['VoiceAge']` line code.

Before running this project, ensure that you have retrieve an OpenAI API key 
(you can sign up for an OpenAI account and create an API key 
[here](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys)). Then, create an 
environment variable as below:
```bash
export OPENAI_API_KEY=<YOUR-OPENAI-API-KEY>
```

Now, you are ready to use Baymax!

## Instructions of Use
Since this project is to simulate the character Baymax, a robotic nurse in the 
renowned Disney movie ***Big Hero 6***, the project can only be run when the 
user said "Ouch!", and ended when the user says "I am satisfied with my care!".

Run
```bash
python3 src/main.py
```
to kickstart Baymax to listen.

Then, say "Ouch" when Baymax is listening.

After Baymax recognizes your word as "ouch", it will be activated and greet.

Starting from now, you can simple talk to Baymax as much as you want.

To deactivate Baymax, please say "I am satisfied with my care!".

## Dedications
I dedicate this hard work commitment to my mom, whom has sacrificed everything 
for my better future. I hope I have made you proud!

Commit message:

Add desired features for future development

README.md, after:

# BayMax Simulation
Simulation of Baymax from Disney Big Hero 6 using Python, Pyttsx3 voice engine, 
Google speech recognition and ChatGPT API.

## Development Status
`IN PROGRESS`

Some desired features for future development:
- Read texts from images
- Predict risks of certain health issues from X-ray scans
- Provide medical advice

## Installations
First, we need to install `portaudio` from Homebrew. This package is required
for Python library `pyaudio`:

```bash
$ brew install portaudio
```

Then, we install packages in `requirements.txt`:
```bash
$ pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

**NOTE**: If errors related to `#include "portaudio.h"` occurred when running 
`pip install pyaudio`, like this:
```bash
#include "portaudio.h"

         ^
1 error generated.
error: command '/usr/bin/clang' failed with exit status 1
``` 
Then we need to run the command separately in the Terminal below:
```bash
$ CFLAGS="-I/opt/homebrew/include -L/opt/homebrew/lib" python3 -m pip install pyaudio
```

We need to install FLAC in order to recognize speech with the command below:
```bash
$ sudo port install flac
```
If you have not installed Macports, please download Macports from 
[this link](https://www.macports.org/install.php).

Then, we run:
```bash
$ python3 src/main.py
```

**NOTE**: If you face the `KeyError: 'VoiceAge'` problem, please go to the 
`nsss.py` in your folder (the full error message should display the full path),
and remove the `attr['VoiceAge']` line code.

Before running this project, ensure that you have retrieve an OpenAI API key 
(you can sign up for an OpenAI account and create an API key 
[here](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys)). Then, create an 
environment variable as below:
```bash
export OPENAI_API_KEY=<YOUR-OPENAI-API-KEY>
```

Now, you are ready to use Baymax!

## Instructions of Use
Since this project is to simulate the character Baymax, a robotic nurse in the 
renowned Disney movie ***Big Hero 6***, the project can only be run when the 
user said "Ouch!", and ended when the user says "I am satisfied with my care!".

Run
```bash
python3 src/main.py
```
to kickstart Baymax to listen.

Then, say "Ouch" when Baymax is listening.

After Baymax recognizes your word as "ouch", it will be activated and greet.

Starting from now, you can simple talk to Baymax as much as you want.

To deactivate Baymax, please say "I am satisfied with my care!".

## Dedications
I dedicate this hard work commitment to my mom, whom has sacrificed everything 
for my better future. I hope I have made you proud!
